hey guys chef Jason Hill here and I'm
with Jax Galvani from the cooking with
Jack show Jack on the go
burger wars how many channels you got on
YouTube now a bunch cool and cool cool
right now we're on chef tips yes Ron
chef tips and I'm going to show Jack how
to make the Juicy Lucy burger and
there's a couple of different ways you
can do it that's gonna do it a more
traditional way with our classic
American cheese I'm gonna do a little
gourmet version with some fresh buffalo
mozzarella so let's get started all
right we got about a pound of ground
beef each and it's 80/20 so that means
it's a little bit more fat than your
lean ground beef but it just makes it
taste better yeah yeah I mean you can't
if you're gonna do a burger see people
say I'm fat it just makes me taste
better I don't know what their problem
is but I think if you're going to do a
really good burger you've got to have a
little bit of the fat in there to get
that flavor so what I'm going to start
with jack is I'm gonna go ahead and
start forming one patty and you can grab
maybe a third of this pound that you got
going third of it and try and just
flatten it out as thin as possible that
Gator anymore that's probably good right
there yeah yeah all right so let's go
ahead and get that on your cutting board
and just flatten it out shape it up and
do a round patty and we want to go a
little big on these because these are
going to shrink up on the grill because
of the fat content they're gonna
shrinking you know you don't want to
open up your bun and go where's the beef
so we want them nice and big so they fit
right on the bun oh yeah how did you Pat
it out your patty yeah exactly
okay so you want to grab about the same
amount that you did before maybe not
quite as much and make another patty so
the smaller one's gonna be our kind of
our lid yeah then we're gonna seal the
edges okay at this point I like to take
a little kosher salt sprinkle from the
heavens a little pinch on each one oh
nice you go to church to cool
yes and then we're gonna hit it with
some fresh cracked pepper I can't say
enough about this home.this of rice your
grinder yeah I love this thing dude and
I can't remember where my wife got of
course
okay because you don't want me getting
one oh yeah I know how chefs are
thinking real weird my secret secrets
exactly so it's probably best that I
break these in for ya break them up a
little bit overlap them keep them in the
centers best as possible you don't want
the cheese to is out on the sides when
we're cooking no no all right like that
yeah if you want more feel free to
whatever you think you know if you want
to put another slice in there go for it
all right I'm good at this get your
pieces there all right here we go like
that nice get this press mozzarella in
here yours looks better ha ha I got a I
got a you know up stage a little bit now
let's take your seasoned side and put it
down over the cheese mm-hmm and now
we're gonna seal this guy up just kind
of pinch the edges because like I said
if you lose all your cheese during the
cooking then we just mess the whole
thing exactly if you mean kids can
really do this oh yeah art class and
then finally I just like to season the
top for the little more salt just a
little bit a little more pepper nice and
anybody can change any of these steps
like eight different seasonings right oh
yeah whatever you like to season your
burgers with I mean you know if you want
you know any seasoned salt that you
prefer any cheesy before any bleu cheese
would be awesome in this thing yeah
jalapeno you put in there yes yeah
that'll be beautiful okay Jack we're
gonna do these on the grill you can do
these on your stovetop in a pan if you
want I'm scanning in snow yeah I haven't
shoveled my deck yet sorry about that
what's the first time I've ever
barbecued in the snow isn't it cool it's
crazy
we'll make a snowman afterwards too yeah
okay for my burger I'm gonna go ahead
and put these tomatoes on and I have a
video already on these grilled tomatoes
you can check the link there if you want
to recipe they're all marinated look at
them yeah balsamic vinegar olive oil oh
my gosh basil everything I love about
the in Italian garlic shallot puree yay
I got the grill on high and I like to
cook the burgers to medium
come on get off there hi cousin wanna
go-o-o and also let's go ahead and put
some onions on here oh and I grilled
onions yeah oh dude I love everything if
it's not moving I'll eat it just put a
little olive oil on those okay they've
been on here for a couple minutes I'm
gonna go ahead and give them a quarter
turn so far our cheese is staying inside
that's what we wanted all right now I'm
going to turn them after about three
minutes on each side
look at that ah Oh am i starting to come
apart a little bit ah that's alright as
long as the cheese doesn't come out oh
look at that
it looks beautiful dude that looks nice
nice work well thanks for your
correction we're almost done I'm gonna
close the lid look at that
pretty much close to medium if these
nice and charred Ramos ready look at
that
and yeah I keep them up side most of the
time and then right before I pull them
off I took flip them over and just get
that other side nice and closing that's
some fat burgers dude yeah I mean fat
burger aren't that big you got a figure
you got a lot cheese in there that's
puffing them up too so Wow okay Jack
what's build these burgers all right man
it smells great
I've got some garlic mayo that I made up
with just roasted garlic blend it into
some plain old mayonnaise I'm gonna take
mine I was that Jack's that was mine
dude dude you don't know marriage
there's yours you gotta live with the
cheese coming out don't show everybody
that my busses yeah yeah all right Jack
what else you like on yours lettuce
tomato lettuce I get you some roma
tomatoes here beautiful you have any
jalapenos oh yeah I feel like I'm
watching a TV show here look at this
that's great thank you grilled onions
man dude wish mine off with some grilled
tomatoes of course I got to put grilled
onion to the moon look at that
it's beautiful it's heat a little bit I
get a cry first
okay so we're gonna show these right so
I gotta cut them in half you get half of
my be getting in close do you know I
don't see it see but see if it holds up
together and look how big that bad he is
oh wow she's right in there look at it
there's one Wow cut into yours over here
look at that well I went topless dude
okay you can smash it yeah and there's
your Juicy Lucy
alright you will go first cheers Cheers
mmm you got to make these mmm look at
your cheese
all right who's it out I guess what they
call them Juicy Lucy how come yours
these taste so good dude I don't know
what you did the patties have so much
flavor on them that's what I'm saying
that 8020 Wow gives the beef that much
more flavor okay you got to try these
you hmm
we got it I'm telling them they gotta
try these burn it go make your own
mm-hmm
awesome all right well I hope you
enjoyed this episode
hope you enjoyed Jack coming over and
we'll see you next time
thanks for tuning in
you